---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Volunteer Information - SourceBots 2018
---

First of all, on behalf of everyone at SourceBots we would like to say a **massive** thank you for volunteering at the competition, even though it will be hard work, we can assure you that it will be a fun weekend filled with robot madness and endless fun.

To that end, we thought now would be a good time to send an email detailing information about the competition!

### Date and location

As a reminder, the competition dates are 21st April - 22nd April and it will be held in [The Cube (SUSU Building)](http://data.southampton.ac.uk/building/42.html) which is on the bottom floor of the Students' Union building.

This will take up the whole day so if you're around please drop in between **0800-2300**.

### Scaffolding Setup

Our arena will be built out of scaffolding and this will arrive on the 19th April. We will need help on the **20th April** to help set up the arena in the cube. Anyone that is avaliable should report to the cube where you'll be assigned tasks.

### Roles

We will be assigning roles to volunteers soon and will email you about this in due course!

### Schedule for the first day

For the first day, please meet in the [Mountbatten Building](http://data.southampton.ac.uk/building/53.html) on **Level 4** at **0800**. Unfortunately this building does require card access so if you find yourself needing letting in please contact one of us. (**PLACEHOLDER FOR NUMBER TO BE REPLACED IN FINAL EMAIL**)

### Pub 

On the sign up form, it was written that we will be heading to the pub for a meal on the **22nd April** the Sunday. We have chosen instead to this on the **21st April** as we will be very busy on the Sunday setting down the arena and may not get out of The Cube until late. 

Due to this, we will instead be heading to the pub on the **Saturday Evening**!!

### Hats

Who said only robots are allowed to look swanky at the competition? Bring your best hat and wear it throughout the weekend!!
