---
to: All teams
subject: Student Robotics Replacement Competition
---

Hi All,

I’m sure you’ve read the announcement by Student Robotics saying they’ve decided to not run a competition this year.

This is sad news. However, we intend to run our own mini-competition at the University of Southampton as a replacement to Student Robotics 2018. We are a group of volunteers who have previously helped with past Student Robotics competitions (We are not affiliated with Student Robotics the organisation). Just like Student Robotics, the competition will be completely free to enter, we will lend you robotics kits for the event, and the robots will be completely autonomous. However, the kits will be different to the usual Student Robotics kits, but no worries, there is no dramatic shift. the robots will still be programmed in python and use webcams to see visual markers. As usual, you will need to buy your own motors and materials whilst building your robots. We’re going to name this new competition ‘SourceBots’.

We will host a kick-off event on the 16th of December at the University of Southampton, where we will explain the game and give out kits to teams. If you can’t come to the kick-off, please tell us, because we will need to arrange for shipping of the kits to your location or for you to pick them up later. Also we intend to hold periodic ‘Tech days’ for teams to get technical help on their kits (dates to be announced later) then, we will hold the final competition in late-April (Current WIP date is 21st of April) again at the University of Southampton.

Due to lack of robotics kits, we can only support about 9 teams, so positions are limited. Teams will be selected in a case-by-case basis. If you want to apply for this competition, please fill in the form at https://goo.gl/forms/YhCnkc9XzBuwNNks1 The deadline for applications is Friday 17th of November. We’ll let you know whether you are successful or not on the following Monday (20th) or if you have any questions, please email me at <email>.

Also, there is another competition being hosted by the Hills Road Sixth-Form College in Cambridge, named ‘RoboCon’. They will host their kickstart event on the 25th of November, it too is free and will be using different kits to us. They can handle 15 teams, if you are interested in this event the email you need to contact is <enquiries@hr-robocon.org>.
