SB2018/2018-04-12.md, before:

---
to: All Teams
subject: Rules amendments
---

Hi!

Some issues have come to light with [our rules][rules], and we've made an amendment:

## Change 1: Token Marker ID changed

We have changed the IDs of marker tokens, as defined in section 3.1. This is of relevance to your team if they have hard-coded the IDs of the tokens from the rules, instead of the recommended way of using the API. There's no need to update your robots to have the new numbers, they are already correct.

The old marker numbers were as follows:

| Item                                    | Marker Number     | Marker Size      |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|
| Arena boundary                          |     0 -- 27       |           250    |
| Columns                                 |    28 -- 43       |           250    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 0 |    **44 -- 49**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 1 |    **50 -- 54**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 2 |    **55 -- 59**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 3 |    **60 -- 63**   |           100    |

The amended marker numbers are as follows:

| Item                                    | Marker Number     | Marker Size      |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|
| Arena boundary                          |     0 -- 27       |           250    |
| Columns                                 |    28 -- 43       |           250    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 0 |    **44 -- 48**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 1 |    **49 -- 53**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 2 |    **54 -- 58**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 3 |    **59 -- 63**   |           100    |

## Change 2: Scoring area sizes

The second change fixes some ambiguity on the size of the scoring zones, as defined in section 3.2.11. This is of relevance to your team if they use the measurements of the arena to define the movement of the robot.

Previously, the specification in Section 3.2.11 did not match the arena layout in Figure 2, the specification states that the scoring zones were squares of length 3m. When reading the figure, one could derive that the scoring zones are squares of 2.815m. We have now changed the definition in the specification to match that of the diagram.

The old specification stated:

> 11. The scoring zones are squares of sides *3m* positioned with the columns separating
them

The amended specification states:

> 11. The scoring zones are squares of sides *2.815m±50mm* positioned with the columns separating them.

## Change 3: Robot Flags

We've added a requirement for you to make a mount for a flag on your robots. We will give you a suitable mount to superglue to a solid part of your robot on Saturday. It will look like the attached photo, We will provide you the flags to indicate which corner your robot owns. There's a full specification of what a flag will look like on [the rules][rules].


[rules]: https://docs.sourcebots.co.uk/rules/

Commit message:

mention why the width was 3m

SB2018/2018-04-12.md, after:

---
to: All Teams
subject: Rules amendments
---

Hi!

Some issues have come to light with [our rules][rules], and we've made an amendment:

## Change 1: Token Marker ID changed

We have changed the IDs of marker tokens, as defined in section 3.1. This is of relevance to your team if they have hard-coded the IDs of the tokens from the rules, instead of the recommended way of using the API. There's no need to update your robots to have the new numbers, they are already correct.

The old marker numbers were as follows:

| Item                                    | Marker Number     | Marker Size      |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|
| Arena boundary                          |     0 -- 27       |           250    |
| Columns                                 |    28 -- 43       |           250    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 0 |    **44 -- 49**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 1 |    **50 -- 54**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 2 |    **55 -- 59**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 3 |    **60 -- 63**   |           100    |

The amended marker numbers are as follows:

| Item                                    | Marker Number     | Marker Size      |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|
| Arena boundary                          |     0 -- 27       |           250    |
| Columns                                 |    28 -- 43       |           250    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 0 |    **44 -- 48**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 1 |    **49 -- 53**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 2 |    **54 -- 58**   |           100    |
| Tokens belonging to the robot in zone 3 |    **59 -- 63**   |           100    |

## Change 2: Scoring area sizes

The second change fixes some ambiguity on the size of the scoring zones, as defined in section 3.2.11. This is of relevance to your team if they use the measurements of the arena to define the movement of the robot.

Previously, the specification in Section 3.2.11 did not match the arena layout in Figure 2, the specification states that the scoring zones were squares of length 3m, which didn't take into consideration the width of the columns. When reading the figure, one could derive that the scoring zones are squares of 2.815m. We have now changed the definition in the specification to match that of the diagram.

The old specification stated:

> 11. The scoring zones are squares with sides *3m* positioned with the columns separating
them

The amended specification states:

> 11. The scoring zones are squares with sides *2.815m±50mm* positioned with the columns separating them.

## Change 3: Robot Flags

We've added a requirement for you to make a mount for a flag on your robots. We will give you a suitable mount to superglue to a solid part of your robot on Saturday. It will look like the attached photo, We will provide you the flags to indicate which corner your robot owns. There's a full specification of what a flag will look like on [the rules][rules].


[rules]: https://docs.sourcebots.co.uk/rules/
