SB2018/2018-01-12-2.md, before:

---
to: Southend and Westcliff
subject: SourceBots Mentoring and Tech Days
---

Hi all,

We hope you're progressing well on your robot!
We have some important things to announce, so keep reading:

## Mentoring

We're not sure if we can provide mentoring for you, as you are quite far away from most of our possible mentors, however if you really need someone to mentor you, we'll see what we can do.

If you're interested in having a mentor come and help you, **reply to this email with the times your teams meet**, and we'll see if we can assign someone to you!

## Tech Days

We're happy to announce some tech days!

They'll be at the University of Southampton Electronics and Computer Science department in the state-of-the-art electronics labs, with a full mechanical workshop.

Tech days start at 10:00am and finish at 5:00pm. They are a great opportunity for you to get robotics advice and help with technical issues from our volunteers. We typically give a tour of the university facilities as well.

Here are the dates:

    - 03 Feb 2018
    - 17 Feb 2018
    - 17 Mar 2018
    - 14 Apr 2018


Thanks,
Andy Barrett-Sprot

Commit message:

adjust description to mention remote mentoring

SB2018/2018-01-12-2.md, after:

---
to: Southend and Westcliff
subject: SourceBots Mentoring and Tech Days
---

Hi all,

We hope you're progressing well on your robot!
We have some important things to announce, so keep reading:

## Mentoring

As you are quite far away from most of our possible mentors, it is unlikely we will be able to mentor you in person, However we can provide remote mentoring over skype or google hangouts.

If you're interested in having a mentor help you, **reply to this email with the times your teams meet**, and we'll see if we can assign someone to you!

## Tech Days

We're happy to announce some tech days!

They'll be at the University of Southampton Electronics and Computer Science department in the state-of-the-art electronics labs, with a full mechanical workshop.

Tech days start at 10:00am and finish at 5:00pm. They are a great opportunity for you to get robotics advice and help with technical issues from our volunteers. We typically give a tour of the university facilities as well.

Here are the dates:

    - 03 Feb 2018
    - 17 Feb 2018
    - 17 Mar 2018
    - 14 Apr 2018


Thanks,
Andy Barrett-Sprot
