---
to: All Teams
subject: Tech day reminder - Saturday 17th Feb
---

Hi all,

We've got another tech day this Saturday (17th Feb)!

Tech days are a great opportunity for you to get robotics advice and help with technical issues from our volunteers. We may also have a tour of some university facilities as well.

## Location

The tech day will be held in [Building 25](http://data.southampton.ac.uk/building/25.html) (the same location as the last tech day) at the University of Southampton's Highfield Campus:

> University Road\
> Southampton\
> Hampshire\
> SO17 1BJ

There's a map attached which shows the recommended parking location.

The day will run from 10:00am until 5:00pm, however feel free to come and go as you please.

## Food
Food on campus is scarce on weekends, so we recommend either ordering in food, or bringing something with you. There are a few corner-shops located nearby however. There's a [map of local food places](https://goo.gl/yYlfs5) to help you find nearby food.

## Electronics
As expected, you'll need to bring your robot to work on, in whatever state it may be. We also recommend bringing at least 1 laptop with you to work on. Laptops will be provided for you to use.

## Supervision
Team members must be accompanied by any adult who is able to take responsibility for all of them. (this would ideally be a teacher, but it can be a parent if all the other parents agree).

If you're planning on attending, please let us know, so we know to expect you. If you're unable to make this tech day, the next one is on the 17th of March.
