---
to: All Teams
subject: Tech day reminder - Saturday 14th April
---

Hi all,

We've got another tech day this Saturday (14th April)!

Tech days are a great opportunity for you to get robotics advice and help with technical issues from our volunteers. We may also have a tour of some university facilities as well.

As this is the last tech day, we will strive to make a full corner of an arena for this tech day so you can test your robots in similar conditions to the competition.

## Location
The location will be the same as the last tech day. It will be held inside the £4.5m electronics teaching labs inside [Building 59](http://data.southampton.ac.uk/building/59.html) at the University of Southampton's Highfield Campus:

> Building 59
> University of Southampton
> University Road
> Southampton
> Hampshire
> SO17 1BJ

There's a map attached showing where you should go to be let in. Its also on [google maps][maps-link].

The day will run from 10:00am until 5:00pm, however feel free to come and go as you please.

## Food
Food on campus is scarce, so we recommend either ordering in food, or bringing something with you. There are a few corner-shops located nearby however. This time the tech day is happening right next door to both on-campus Cafés, so it should be much easier to grab a coffee or an expensive lunch.

## Electronics
As expected, you'll need to bring your robot to work on, in whatever state it may be. We also recommend bringing at least 1 laptop with you to work on. Laptops can be provided, however this needs to be arranged with us in advance.

## Supervision
Team members must be accompanied by any adult who is able to take responsibility for all of them. (This would ideally be a teacher, but it can be a parent if all the other parents agree).

If you're unable to make this tech day, we'll see you at the competition, as it's at the end of next week!

[maps-link]: https://goo.gl/maps/s5NLBsiwhd42
